SFF Books recommendations.md, before:

# Science Fiction & Fantasy Book recommendations
So, you're looking for some book recommendations in either the fantasy or science fiction genre? I've got you covered!

## Fantasy
 - Joe Abercrombie
	- The First Law, 3 books (The Blade Itself, Before They Are Hanged, Last Argument of Kings) (Released 2006-2008)
	- Best Served Cold (2009)
	- The Heroees (2011)
	- Red Country (2012)
	- The Age of Madness, 3 books (A Little Hatred, The Trouble With Peace, The Wisdom of Crowds **Unreleased**) (2019-2021) **Unfinished**

	- _Note: All Abercrombie's books mentioned here are set in the same universe and are best enjoyed reading in order._


- Steven Erikson
	- Malazan Book of the Fallen, 10 books (Gardens of the Moon, Deadhouse Gates, Memories of Ice, House of Chains, Midnight Tides, The Bonehunters, Reaper's Gale, Toll the Hounds, Dust of Dreams, The Crippled God) (Released 1999-2011)

- Robin Hobb
	- The Farseer, 3 books (Assassin's Apprentice, Royal Assassin, Assassin's Quest) (Released 1995-1997)
	- Liveship Traders, 3 books (Ship of Magic, The Mad Ship, Ship of Destiny) (Released 1998-2000)
	- The Tawny Man, 3 books (Fool's Errand, The Golden Fool, Fool's Fate) (Released 2001-2003)
	- The Rain Wild Chronicles, 4 books (Dragon Keeper, Dragon Haven, City of Dragons, Blood of Dragons) (Released 2009-2013)
	- The Fitz and the Fool, 3 books (Fool's Assassin, Fool's Quest, Assassin's Fate) (Released 2014-2017)

	- _Note: All Hobb's books mentioned here are set in the same world and some characters feature in multiple series. The universe is called The Realm of the Elderlings and the books best enjoyed reading in the release order._

- N.K. Jemisin
	- Inheritance, 3 books (The Hundred Thousand Kingdoms, The Broken Kingdoms, The Kingdom of Gods) (Released 2010-2011)
	- Dreamblood, 2 books (The Killing Moon, The Shadowed Sun) (Released 2012)
	- The Broken Earth, 3 books (The Fifth Season, The Obelisk Gate, The Stone Sky) (Released 2015-2017)
	- Great Cities, 1 book (The City We Became) (Released 2020-?) **Unfinished**

- Robert Jordan
	- The Wheel of Time, 15 books (New Spring _prequel_, The Eye of the World, The Great Hunt, The Dragon Reborn, The Shadow Rising, The Fires of Heaven, Lord of Chaos, A Crown of Swords, The Path of Daggers, Winter's Heart, Crossroads of Twilight, Knife of Dreams, The Gathering Storm _completed by Brandon Sanderson_, Towers of Midnight _completed by Brandon Sanderson_, A Memory of Light _completed by Brandon Sanderson_) (Released 1990-2013)
	
	- _Note: Robert Jordan died in 2007 while working on the twelfth book in the series. Fellow fantasy Brandon Sanderson was brought in to complete the series, and wrote the last three volumes based on the extensive notes that Jordan left behind._

- George R.R. Martin
	- A Song of Ice and Fire, 7 books (planned, 5 released) (A Game of Thrones, A Clash of Kings, A Storm of Swords, A Feast for Crows, A Dance With Dragons, The Winds of Winter **Unreleased**, A Dream of Spring **Unreleased**) (Released 1996-?) **Unfinished**

- Brandon Sanderson
	- Elantris (Released 2005)
	- Mistborn, 3 books (The Final Empire, The Well of Ascension, The Hero of Ages) (Released 2006-2008)
	- Warbreaker (Released 2009)
	- Way and Wayne (Mistborn: Era Two), 4 books (planned, 3 released) (The Alloy of Law, Shadows of Self, The Bands of Mourning, The Lost Metal **Unreleased**) (Released 2011-2022) **Unfinished**
	- The Stormlight Archive, 10 books (planned, 4 released) (The Way of Kings, Words of Radiance, Oathbringer, Rhythm of War) (Released 2010-?) **Unfinished**

- Terry Pratchett
	- Discworld, 41 books (The Colour of Magic, The Light Fantastic, Equal Rites, Mort, Sourcery, Wyrd Sisters, Pyramids, Guards! Guards!, Eric, Moving Pictures, Reaper Man, Witches Abroad, Small Gods, Lords and Ladies, Men at Arms, Soul Music, Interesting Times, Maskerade, Feet of Clay, Hogfather, Jingo, The Last Continent, Carpe Jugulum, The Fifth Elephant, The Truth, Thief of Time, The Last Hero, The Amazing Maurice and His Educated Rodents, Night Watch, The Wee Free Men, Monstrous Regiment, A Hat Full of Sky, Going Postal, Thud!, Wintersmith, Making Money, Unseen Academicals, I Shall Wear Midnight, Snuff, Raising Steam, The Shepherd's Crown) (Released 1983-2015)

- Gene Wolfe
	- The Fifth Head of Cerberus (Released 1972)
	- The Book of the New Sun, 4 books (The Shadow of the Torturer, The Claw of the Conciliator, The Sword of the Lictor, The Citadel of the Autarch) (Released 1980-1983)



## Science Fiction
- Iain M. Banks
	- The Culture, 9 books (Consider Phlebas, The Player of Games, Use of Weapons, The State of the Art, Excession, Inversions, Look to Windward, Matter, Surface Detail, The Hydrogen Sonata) (Released 1987-2012)
	- Against a Dark Background (Released 1993)
	- The Algebraist (Released 2004)
	
-	James S.A. Corey
	-	The Expanse, 9 books (planned, 8 released) (Leviathan Wakes, Caliban's War, Abaddon's Gate, Cibola Burn, Nemesis Games, Babylon's Ashes, Persepolis Rising, Tiamat's Wrath, Leviathan Falls **Unreleased**) (Released 2011-2021) **Unfinished**


- Greg Egan
	- Permutation City (Released 1994)
	- Axiomatic, short story collection (Released 1995)
	- Diaspora (Released 1997)
	- Schild's Ladder (Released 2002)
	- Oceanic, short story collection (Released 2009)
	- Zeitgeber, short story (Released 2019)
	- Instantiation, short story collection (Released 2020)


- Peter F. Hamilton

- Richard K. Morgan

- Alastair Reynolds
	
- John Scalzi
	- Old Man's War, 6 books (Old Man's War, The Ghost Brigades, The Last Colony, Zoe's Tale, The Human Division, The End of All Things) (Released 2005-2015)
	- Redshirts (Released 2012)
	- Lock In, 2 books (Lock In, Head On) (Released 2014-2018)
	- The Inderdependency, 3 books (The Collapsing Empire, The Consuming Fire, The Last Emperox) (Released 2017-2020)

- Adrian Tchaikovsky

- Andy Weir
	- The Martian (Released 2014)
	- Artemis (Released 2017)
	- Project Hail Mary (Released 2021)

Commit message:

Added new authors
- Daniel Abraham
- Mark Lawrence
- Brian McClellan
- Richard K. Morgan
- Michael J. Sullivan
- J.R.R. Tolkien
- Brent Weeks
- Peter F. Hamilton

SFF Books recommendations.md, after:

# Science Fiction & Fantasy Book recommendations
So, you're looking for some book recommendations in either the fantasy or science fiction genre? I've got you covered!

## Fantasy
 - Joe Abercrombie
	- The First Law, 3 books (The Blade Itself, Before They Are Hanged, Last Argument of Kings) (Released 2006-2008)
	- Best Served Cold (2009)
	- The Heroees (2011)
	- Red Country (2012)
	- The Age of Madness, 3 books (A Little Hatred, The Trouble With Peace, The Wisdom of Crowds **Unreleased**) (2019-2021) **Unfinished**

	- _Note: All Abercrombie's books mentioned here are set in the same universe and are best enjoyed reading in order._

- Daniel Abraham

- Steven Erikson
	- Malazan Book of the Fallen, 10 books (Gardens of the Moon, Deadhouse Gates, Memories of Ice, House of Chains, Midnight Tides, The Bonehunters, Reaper's Gale, Toll the Hounds, Dust of Dreams, The Crippled God) (Released 1999-2011)

- Robin Hobb
	- The Farseer, 3 books (Assassin's Apprentice, Royal Assassin, Assassin's Quest) (Released 1995-1997)
	- Liveship Traders, 3 books (Ship of Magic, The Mad Ship, Ship of Destiny) (Released 1998-2000)
	- The Tawny Man, 3 books (Fool's Errand, The Golden Fool, Fool's Fate) (Released 2001-2003)
	- The Rain Wild Chronicles, 4 books (Dragon Keeper, Dragon Haven, City of Dragons, Blood of Dragons) (Released 2009-2013)
	- The Fitz and the Fool, 3 books (Fool's Assassin, Fool's Quest, Assassin's Fate) (Released 2014-2017)

	- _Note: All Hobb's books mentioned here are set in the same world and some characters feature in multiple series. The universe is called The Realm of the Elderlings and the books best enjoyed reading in the release order._

- N.K. Jemisin
	- Inheritance, 3 books (The Hundred Thousand Kingdoms, The Broken Kingdoms, The Kingdom of Gods) (Released 2010-2011)
	- Dreamblood, 2 books (The Killing Moon, The Shadowed Sun) (Released 2012)
	- The Broken Earth, 3 books (The Fifth Season, The Obelisk Gate, The Stone Sky) (Released 2015-2017)
	- Great Cities, 1 book (The City We Became) (Released 2020-?) **Unfinished**

- Robert Jordan
	- The Wheel of Time, 15 books (New Spring _prequel_, The Eye of the World, The Great Hunt, The Dragon Reborn, The Shadow Rising, The Fires of Heaven, Lord of Chaos, A Crown of Swords, The Path of Daggers, Winter's Heart, Crossroads of Twilight, Knife of Dreams, The Gathering Storm _completed by Brandon Sanderson_, Towers of Midnight _completed by Brandon Sanderson_, A Memory of Light _completed by Brandon Sanderson_) (Released 1990-2013)
	
	- _Note: Robert Jordan died in 2007 while working on the twelfth book in the series. Fellow fantasy Brandon Sanderson was brought in to complete the series, and wrote the last three volumes based on the extensive notes that Jordan left behind._

- Mark Lawrence

- George R.R. Martin
	- A Song of Ice and Fire, 7 books (planned, 5 released) (A Game of Thrones, A Clash of Kings, A Storm of Swords, A Feast for Crows, A Dance With Dragons, The Winds of Winter **Unreleased**, A Dream of Spring **Unreleased**) (Released 1996-?) **Unfinished**

- Brian McClellan
	- The Powder Mage, 3 books (Promise of Blood, The Crimson Campaign, The Autumn Republic) (Released 2013-2015)
	- Gods of Blood and Powder, 3 books (Sins of Empire, Wrath of Empire, Blood of Empire) (Released 2017-2019)
	- _Note: Gods of Blood and Powder is a sequel series to The Powder Mage trilogy._

- Richard K. Morgan
	- A Land Fit For Heroes, 3 books (The Steel Remains, The Cold Commands, The Dark Defiles) (Released 2008-2014)

- Brandon Sanderson
	- Elantris (Released 2005)
	- Mistborn, 3 books (The Final Empire, The Well of Ascension, The Hero of Ages) (Released 2006-2008)
	- Warbreaker (Released 2009)
	- Way and Wayne (Mistborn: Era Two), 4 books (planned, 3 released) (The Alloy of Law, Shadows of Self, The Bands of Mourning, The Lost Metal **Unreleased**) (Released 2011-2022) **Unfinished**
	- The Stormlight Archive, 10 books (planned, 4 released) (The Way of Kings, Words of Radiance, Oathbringer, Rhythm of War) (Released 2010-?) **Unfinished**

- Terry Pratchett
	- Discworld, 41 books (The Colour of Magic, The Light Fantastic, Equal Rites, Mort, Sourcery, Wyrd Sisters, Pyramids, Guards! Guards!, Eric, Moving Pictures, Reaper Man, Witches Abroad, Small Gods, Lords and Ladies, Men at Arms, Soul Music, Interesting Times, Maskerade, Feet of Clay, Hogfather, Jingo, The Last Continent, Carpe Jugulum, The Fifth Elephant, The Truth, Thief of Time, The Last Hero, The Amazing Maurice and His Educated Rodents, Night Watch, The Wee Free Men, Monstrous Regiment, A Hat Full of Sky, Going Postal, Thud!, Wintersmith, Making Money, Unseen Academicals, I Shall Wear Midnight, Snuff, Raising Steam, The Shepherd's Crown) (Released 1983-2015)

- Michael J. Sullivan

- J.R.R. Tolkien
	- The Hobbit (Released 1937)
	- The Lord of the Rings, 3 books (The Fellowship of the Ring, The Two Towers, The Return of the King) (Released 1954-1955)

- Brent Weeks
	- The Night Angel, 3 books (The Way of Shadows, Shadow's Edge, Beyond the Shadows) (Released 2008)
	- Lightbringer, 5 books (The Black Prism, The Blinding Knife, The Broken Eye, The Blood Mirror, The Burning White) (Released 2010-2019)

- Gene Wolfe
	- The Fifth Head of Cerberus (Released 1972)
	- The Book of the New Sun, 4 books (The Shadow of the Torturer, The Claw of the Conciliator, The Sword of the Lictor, The Citadel of the Autarch) (Released 1980-1983)



## Science Fiction
- Iain M. Banks
	- The Culture, 9 books (Consider Phlebas, The Player of Games, Use of Weapons, The State of the Art, Excession, Inversions, Look to Windward, Matter, Surface Detail, The Hydrogen Sonata) (Released 1987-2012)
	- Against a Dark Background (Released 1993)
	- The Algebraist (Released 2004)
	
-	James S.A. Corey
	-	The Expanse, 9 books (planned, 8 released) (Leviathan Wakes, Caliban's War, Abaddon's Gate, Cibola Burn, Nemesis Games, Babylon's Ashes, Persepolis Rising, Tiamat's Wrath, Leviathan Falls **Unreleased**) (Released 2011-2021) **Unfinished**


- Greg Egan
	- Permutation City (Released 1994)
	- Axiomatic, short story collection (Released 1995)
	- Diaspora (Released 1997)
	- Schild's Ladder (Released 2002)
	- Oceanic, short story collection (Released 2009)
	- Zeitgeber, short story (Released 2019)
	- Instantiation, short story collection (Released 2020)


- Peter F. Hamilton
	- The Night's Dawn, 3 books (The Reality Dysfunction, The Neutronium Alchemist, The Naked God) (Released 1996-1999)
	- The Commonwealth Saga, 2 books (Pandora's Star, Judas Unchained) (Released 2004-2005)
	- The Void, 3 books (The Dreaming Void, The Temperal Void, The Evolutionary Void) (Released 2007-2010)
	- The Chronicles of the Fallers (The Abyss Beyond Dreams, Night Without Stars) (Released 2014-2016)
	- _Note: The Commonwealth Saga, The Void trilogy and The Chronicles of the Fallers series all take place in the same universe, but can be read independently._

- Arkady Martine
	- Teixcalaan, 2 books (A Memory Called Empire, A Desolation Called Peace) (Released 2019-2021)

- Richard K. Morgan
	- Takeshi Kovacs, 3 books (Altered Carbon, Broken Angels, Woken Furies) (Released 2002-2005)

- Alastair Reynolds
	
- John Scalzi
	- Old Man's War, 6 books (Old Man's War, The Ghost Brigades, The Last Colony, Zoe's Tale, The Human Division, The End of All Things) (Released 2005-2015)
	- Redshirts (Released 2012)
	- Lock In, 2 books (Lock In, Head On) (Released 2014-2018)
	- The Inderdependency, 3 books (The Collapsing Empire, The Consuming Fire, The Last Emperox) (Released 2017-2020)

- Adrian Tchaikovsky

- Andy Weir
	- The Martian (Released 2014)
	- Artemis (Released 2017)
	- Project Hail Mary (Released 2021)
